fix(android): Stop Hermes profiler on React instance teardown (#6035)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

- Check `captureReplay` return value in iOS bridge to avoid linking error events to uncaptured replays ([#6008](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6008))
- Report the expected properties file path and any missing keys when using `flavorAware` on Android, instead of failing with an opaque `Illegal null value provided in this collection` error ([#6031](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6031))

> - Stop the Hermes sampling profiler on React instance teardown to prevent `pthread_kill` SIGABRT when the JS thread is torn down with profiling active ([#5441](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/5441))

Author: ```suggestion
- Stop the Hermes sampling profiler on React instance teardown to prevent `pthread_kill` SIGABRT when the JS thread is torn down with profiling active ([#6035](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6035))
```

- Fix `_experiments.enableUnhandledCPPExceptionsV2` being silently ignored on iOS ([#6014](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6014))
- Check `captureReplay` return value in iOS bridge to avoid linking error events to uncaptured replays ([#6008](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6008))
- Report the expected properties file path and any missing keys when using `flavorAware` on Android, instead of failing with an opaque `Illegal null value provided in this collection` error ([#6031](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6031))

> - Stop the Hermes sampling profiler on React instance teardown to prevent `pthread_kill` SIGABRT when the JS thread is torn down with profiling active ([#6035](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6035))

Author: Resolved with 1e2b54f428bdc8e04b97fa60650374710257a507
